BLOG - Apache Cassandra 5.0 Features: Trie Memtables and Trie-Indexed SSTables (#253)
apache/cassandra-website: site-content/source/modules/ROOT/pages/blog/Apache-Cassandra-5.0-Features-Trie-Memtables-and-Trie-Indexed-SSTables.adoc

= Apache Cassandra 5.0 Features: Trie Memtables and Trie-Indexed SSTables
:page-layout: single-post
:page-role: blog-post
:page-post-date: November 8, 2023
:page-post-author: Andrés de la Peña

> :description: New dynamic data masking capabilities are a feature available in the coming Apache Cassandra 5.0.

Reviewer: needs update

:keywords: 

> __Apache Cassandra 5.0 is the project’s major release for 2023, and it promises some of the biggest changes for Cassandra to-date. After more than a decade of engineering work dedicated to stabilizing and building Cassandra as a distributed database, we now look forward to introducing a host of exciting features and enhancements that empower users to take their data-driven applications to the next level - including machine learning and artificial intelligence.__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Apache Cassandra 5.0 is the project’s major release for 2023, and it promises some of the biggest changes for Cassandra to-date. After more than a decade of world class engineering building Cassandra as the safest most stable distributed database, we are witness now to a new chapter of innovation introducing a host of exciting features and enhancements that empower users to take their data-driven applications to the next level - including machine learning and artificial intelligence.__
```
